Add documentation for dynamic kubelet config (#147)
syseleven/grav-docs-metakube: pages/02.documentation/20.dynamic-kubelet-config/default.en.md

---
title: 'Dynamic kubelet config'
published: true
taxonomy:
    tag:
        - metakube
        - kubelet config
        - dynamic kubelet
---

## Dynamic kubelet config

It is possible to dynamically change the kubelet settings for a node deployment in metakube.
This feature can be used to change the kubelet settings on already running nodes.

### Enabling the dynamic kubelet config option

The option can be toggled while creating a new node deployment or when editing an existing one.

![Enable dynamic kubelet config](kubelet-config-toggle.png)

### Customizing the kubelet config

! misconfiguring the kubelet config can possibly prevent the kubelet from starting up.

> When this option is enabled multiple configmaps for all supported kubernetes versions will be created in the `kube-system` namespace.

Reviewer: It's good to notice the user about the names of the configmaps:
When this option is enabled, multiple configmaps for all supported kubernetes version will be created with the names `kubelet-config-<kubernetes-version>` in the kube-system namespace.
```suggestion
When this option is enabled, multiple configmaps for all supported kubernetes version will be created with the names `kubelet-config-<kubernetes-minor-version>` in the kube-system namespace.
```

Author: Changed it up in a slightly different way :)

> All nodes are watching for changes in the configmap with the same kubernetes version that is running on the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All nodes for the node-deployment are watching for changes in the configmap with the same kubernetes version that is running on the node.
```

Please keep this in mind because nodes will be using a different configmap after upgrading to a newer kubernetes minor version (e.g. 1.17 -> 1.18).

Once a change is noticed `systemd` will restart the kubelet so that it can use the new configuration.

> All customizable kubelet configuration can be found in the [Kubernetes Docs](https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubelet/config/v1beta1#KubeletConfiguration).

Reviewer: This paragraph is better at the end of the documentation. Because I think that the user would like to read about the kubelet configuration in a broader sense and then see what are the possible configuration values.

> The config keys that are being used in the kubelet configuration are the names after the `json:` prefix.

Reviewer: It would be nice to show what are the configuration values in an easier way. Pointing that the configmap can work as an example.

Author: Not exactly sure what you mean here. Should I paste one of our default configurations in here?

Reviewer: Yes.
